API "Source" to "Endpoint" (#349)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/fluview.md

# FluView

This is the documentation of the API for accessing the FluView (`fluview`) endpoint of
the [Delphi](https://delphi.cmu.edu/)'s epidemiological data.

General topics not specific to any particular endpoint are discussed in the
[API overview](README.md). Such topics include:
[contributing](README.md#contributing), [citing](README.md#citing), and
[data licensing](README.md#data-licensing).

## FluView Data

Influenza-like illness (ILI) from U.S. Outpatient Influenza-like Illness Surveillance Network (ILINet).

>  - Endpoint: [United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention](http://gis.cdc.gov/grasp/fluview/fluportaldashboard.html) (CDC)

Reviewer: (whoops, this one is a citation)

```suggestion
 - Data source: [United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention](http://gis.cdc.gov/grasp/fluview/fluportaldashboard.html) (CDC)
```
